For-staff contributing: beginner guidance linking to 'good first issues'. (#652)
publiccodenet/about: contributor-guides/for-staff.md

* Calendar - add your holidays to the team calendar
* Manual of me - fill out your own and read the existing ones
* Oodo - We use Odoo for our internal chat tool as well as project management and customer relations management

> * Github - push a branch, make a pull request (maybe to improve this page!). If you are new to this, start with a '[good first issue](https://github.com/publiccodenet/about/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)'. You can request an invite to have our Github account added to the organizational account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Github - push a branch, make a pull request (maybe to improve this page!). If you are new to this, start with a '[good first issue](https://github.com/publiccodenet/about/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)'. You can request an invitation to have your Github account added to the [Foundation for Public Code](https://github.com/publiccodenet/) organizational account.
```
